Feature/cumulus 2407 data migration upserts (#2162)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

    - Changed `Bulk operation BULK_GRANULE_DELETE` API behavior to also delete records from PostgreSQL database.
  - **CUMULUS-2367**
    - Updated `granule_cumulus_id` foreign key to granule in PostgreSQL `files` table to use a CASCADE delete, so records in the files table are automatically deleted by the database when the corresponding granule is deleted.
  - **CUMULUS-2407**
    - Updated data-migration1 and data-migration2 Lambdas to use UPSERT instead of UPDATE when migrating dynamoDB records to PostgreSQL.

>     - Allow data-migration1 and data-migration2 to update already migrated records if the record being migrated is newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Changd data-migration1 and data-migration2 logic to only update already migrated records if the incoming record update has a newer timestamp
```
